README.md, before:

# Compound Files *FAST*

This library was designed to address a lack of a quality options for parsing
[compound file binary format](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Compound_File_Binary_Format) in PHP. The compound
file binary format is used for `.doc`, `.ppt`, and `.xls` files, among others.

To use the library, there are two options depending on your specific needs:
a [stream wrapper](http://php.net/manual/en/class.streamwrapper.php) or raw access to the parsed file fields. Below,
both of these approaches are demonstrated.

## Stream Wrapper
    if ( in_array( 'cfbf', stream_get_wrappers() ) ) {
        stream_wrapper_unregister( 'cfbf' );
     }
     stream_wrapper_register( 'cfbf', 'CompoundFileStream' );
     
     // "WordDocument" is the name of the stream within the CFBF file
     $fp = fopen( 'cfbf://' . $filePath . '#WordDocument', 'r' );
     $content = stream_get_contents( $fp );
 
 ## Raw File Access
    $fp = fopen( $filePath, 'r' );
    $cfb = new CompoundFile( $fp );
    
     // "WordDocument" is the name of the stream within the CFBF file
    $content = $cfb->getStream( 'WordDocument' );

Commit message:

Updating readme with a bit more detail.

README.md, after:

# Compound Files *FAST*

This library was designed to address a lack of a quality options for parsing
[compound file binary format](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Compound_File_Binary_Format) in PHP. This file format
goes by a few different names, including "Object Linking and Embedding (OLE) Compound File (CF)",
"Compound Binary File", "Compound Document File", and "OLE2." The underlying concept with this file format is to create
what amounts to a filesystem within a file. The compound file binary format is used for  `.doc`, `.ppt`, and `.xls`
files, among others.

To use the library, there are two options depending on your specific needs:
a [stream wrapper](http://php.net/manual/en/class.streamwrapper.php) or raw access to the parsed file fields. Below,
both of these approaches are demonstrated. The stream option provides a nice abstraction if you have functions that
accept a PHP resource that you want to pass in a single stream from a compound file.

## Stream Wrapper
    if ( in_array( 'cfbf', stream_get_wrappers() ) ) {
        stream_wrapper_unregister( 'cfbf' );
     }
     stream_wrapper_register( 'cfbf', 'CompoundFileStream' );
     
     // "WordDocument" is the name of the stream within the CFBF file
     $fp = fopen( 'cfbf://' . $filePath . '#WordDocument', 'r' );
     $content = stream_get_contents( $fp );
 
 ## Raw File Access
    $fp = fopen( $filePath, 'r' );
    $cfb = new CompoundFile( $fp );
    
     // "WordDocument" is the name of the stream within the CFBF file
    $content = $cfb->getStream( 'WordDocument' );
